what's up cool gamers x7 Albert here
welcome to another video on another
amazing skate three Park last time I
showed you guys a skate three Beach part
this time I'm about to show you guys
skate three the city man skate three
City just just look at this it's like a
new city import cover tron like it's
it's amazing like this is a different
version of pork cabochon that we're
looking at right now we got McDonald's
to the right side over here if you get
hungry you man you know just come over
here to the drive-thru get yourself a
double cheeseburger with bacon and extra
bacon cuz you know we all love bacon
here well before McDonald's we got a
little park over here man if you just
want to catch the sesh real quick you
know just go for it realistic ledges
right here we got a table etc etc we got
a nice stair set right here your
realistic skaters are definitely like
this part and to my left side
we got an indoor skate park baby let's
freaking go this is what I'm talking
about
Oh baby loving this little indoor park
man let's freakin go hey you know if you
get thirsty or something just come over
here by the entrance and right here to
your right hand corner there's a vending
machine for snacks and monster energy
drink once again I wish that Fiji but
they don't yeah you know they sell
skateboards right there
apparently I think that's a broken
skateboard so I don't know what they're
doing right there they got some new
merchandise I guess inside that box they
might want to unpack this box in some
day or I'm just gonna kick it around you
know Oh yep there goes our skater and
then we go down the street and we take a
left on skate 4 Avenue and we pick make
sure you guys watch out with the bumps
because you know you're gonna freaking
get those speed wobbles anyways we're
here at the gas station I'm not really
sure why we need a gas station there's
we don't use cars and there's the anyway
use skateboards we use a piece of
plywood with wheels overall this skate
part is absolutely amazing man
even we can come into the carwash right
here we need to we get really dirty we
just come in here wash wash wash and
we're out brand spanking new but anyways
this part gets absolute amazing guys I
love how realistic it is if you guys
liked it make sure you smash that like
button also you want to check out this
part make sure you check out my skate
turf comms to submit your very own park
since you find parts like this one the
download links in the description I'll
see you guys next time
peace out